# Closing Thoughts

This class was by far the hardest class I have ever taken. I have never been good at this kind of thing, and this was by far the most frustrating, time consuming, and stressful course of my college career. I am so glad to be done, and am so happy that I won’t have to code any longer so I can focus on my career aspirations of being a graphic designer. I also want to thank you for being so patient with me this whole time as well. You didn’t have to help me like you did and I am grateful that you gave me the opportunities to continue with the course to succeed. For all of your patience and understanding, I thank you. To get back on topic, there were definitely many ups and downs and I'm sure there are some flaws in my coding but I feel like I did so much better than I ever thought I could! My favorite memories from this course is adding user input to move objects and even characters. I am easily entertained with simple things like that and it became so rewarding to see myself succeed in those situations and create some fun stuff! As I said before, this class may have not been my cup of tea because I wish to pursue a different profession, but I now have SO much respect for those who code! I can’t imagine being able to type this out so easily like it’s a second language! I swear this coding stuff can be unforgiving sometimes. As for node.js, I think it ties in well with what we learned this semester because it helps facilitate the things we learned to make it better and faster. I may not be a fan of coding but I still had some good fun this semester working on some of the projects. Thank you again for being so awesome and I hope you enjoy my work!
